So, hey everyone, my name is Zuri, I work for KFW in a field of development cooperation
and in this case development cooperation is not about GitHub but working together with
third world countries and donor organizations like us to make the world a better place.
So together since a couple of years we developed the digital public goods so we also registered
that and that's what I would like to show you and also to invite you for collaboration.
There are three slides, I would like to explain the problem to you, our proposition and where
we are at the moment.
So that's one example, if you look at development cooperation and how it works today, so you
see one country here, maybe someone recognizes it, it's Ethiopia and we started to count
how many government organizations and NGOs are actually working in this country and supporting
it.
And at some point we stopped counting so we didn't have any time to put more logos on
The problem here is that we don't trust the data exchange and information exchange for
the partner countries, they don't trust basically us.
So in the end we end up, many NGOs and we as well, to do the project ourselves instead
of just giving the money to the country so that the ministry there can actually do, build
schools, hospitals and so on.
And that's the real problem and already in the Paris Declaration 2005 we decided that
we should do all this stuff on the systems of our partner countries that never happened
because of lack of trust.
And now what's our proposition to solve this?
We called it true budget.
So we figured out that the solution is not to install some kind of SharePoint or Google
workspace or something, so another intermediary because whoever owns the data is actually
more powerful than the rest, the data is the new oil basically.
So we don't want to own the data and also the partners, if they own the data we actually
don't trust them potentially.
So the idea was to build this decentralized solution, which is truly decentralized and
managed data there.
What I mean with data is actually to manage the workflows, who is doing what, how are
the projects implemented?
So for example we build schools, how are the tenders done, how was the money dispersed,
who did what basically.
So what is actually stored as decentralized data is the status of all the different workflows,
of all the different participants in this network of people and organizations.
So technically what it is, it's actually a front end based on material UI React, so
the JavaScript stuff, also the API side, it's a Node.js server and on the data side
it's a very small blockchain solution, it feels like a key value data store basically,
but it has a very nice property that actually synchronizes across different nodes.
So there's a kind of a conscious mechanism that the data is then synchronized across
the different parties.
And that is very important also from a political view that basically you process this data
on i-level.
There's not one party that owns the data and the other one doesn't, so if any one of
these participants here, that's only a very simplified view, would get out of the picture,
it would still work out, right?
So where we are at the moment with this, yeah, we did this since a couple of years, as I
said, we are registered as a digital public good.
We have a couple of pilots, for example with a Brazil Amazon fund, it's a very important
one where sort of Germany paid money if less Amazon forest was destroyed, so it is very
good.
We had the vaccine alliance also very important, Burkina Faso is I think one of the oldest
projects we did or one of the first we started with, we have the Ministry of Water, we try
to manage this data and get to a situation where we can actually give them the money
and they actually use the money to do good stuff instead of us developing the projects
which we believe is not the most sustainable approach.
Yeah, of course, as I said, you are invited to contribute to this project, it's running
since a couple of years already, we have a couple of contributors, it's also the first
open source project we did as KFW, it's a state owned, German state owned bank, so remember
the talk we had before that state owned organizations, it's tricky to do open source, we achieved
it here and I'm quite happy to be part of this project and would also be happy to if
you join us.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Excellent.